README.md, before:

The following MATLAB codes compute the pressure-deformation equilibrium when a flat rigid plane is loaded against an ideal elastic-plastic profile. The profile deformation is computed with the elastic half-space model using the Boundary Element Method (BEM). Subsurface plastic deformation is neglected, only plastic flow on the surface is taken into account to limit the maximum contact pressure. Outside of the contact zone, a constant hydrodynamic pressure can be prescribed. This pressure also serves as a lower limit for the pressure within the contact zone.
 
 The scripts consist of an exemplary case setup, the contact solver functions and plot commands. By executing the script, the exemplary contact problem is solved by calling the embedded solver and the results are visualized in plots.
 
 The codes denoted with akchurin compute the pressure profile based on an imposed rigid body seperation h_s.
 
 The codes denoted with polonsky compute the pressure profile based on an imposed normal load force W_aim.
 
 
 The algorithm is based on the conjugate gradient method and fast Fourier transformations. 
 
 The codes denoted with linear use a linear convolution to determine the elastic deformation due to the pressure profile. Use this e.g. for single concentrated contacts.
 
 The codes denoted with circular use a circular convolution to determine the elastic deformation due to the pressure profile. This corresponds to periodic boundary conditions. Use this e.g. for periodic roughness profiles.

This code  is free to use by anyone. Still, citing this repository is greatly appreciated if it is of use to your work.

Erik Hansen, 07.09.2020

Commit message:

clarified in comments that only plastic flow on the surface is taken into account. Subsurface plastic flow is neglected.

README.md, after:

The following MATLAB codes compute the pressure-deformation equilibrium when a flat rigid plane is loaded against an elastic half-space. The minimum and maximum contact pressures can be set to limiting values. Subsurface plastic flow within the half-space is not modelled. It is assumed that plastic flow only occures on the the half-space's surface if the maximum contact pressure is reached. The profile deformation is computed with the elastic half-space model using the Boundary Element Method (BEM). Outside of the contact zone, a constant hydrodynamic pressure can be prescribed. This pressure serves as a lower limit for the pressure within the contact zone.
 
 The scripts consist of an exemplary case setup, the contact solver functions and plot commands. By executing the script, the exemplary contact problem is solved by calling the embedded solver and the results are visualized in plots.
 
 The codes denoted with akchurin compute the pressure profile based on an imposed rigid body seperation h_s.
 
 The codes denoted with polonsky compute the pressure profile based on an imposed normal load force W_aim.
 
 
 The algorithm is based on the conjugate gradient method and fast Fourier transformations. 
 
 The codes denoted with linear use a linear convolution to determine the elastic deformation due to the pressure profile. Use this e.g. for single concentrated contacts.
 
 The codes denoted with circular use a circular convolution to determine the elastic deformation due to the pressure profile. This corresponds to periodic boundary conditions. Use this e.g. for periodic roughness profiles.

This code  is free to use by anyone. Still, citing this repository is greatly appreciated if it is of use to your work.

Erik Hansen, 07.09.2020
